bashly
======


About
-----

Bashly is a collection of solutions to common problems that arise
when writing scripts in the bash shell. You can call it a library.
Just keep in mind that reusable bash code is hard, so it might not be
that pretty to use.

It's focused on bash versions greater or equal to 4.


Downloads
----------

Currently, the only available form of download is through Github, by:
(1) cloning the repository from the master branch, (2) downloading a
compressed archive of the repository, (3) downloading the specific
files that you want to use, manually.


Documentation
-------------

You will find documentation regarding bashly in the docs/ directory.
Consider the fact that bashly is a work in progress, so you might
find many undocumented things currently (sorry about that, I hope
this is changed soon).

You will find the following sets of documentation:

- lib/: This is the documentation for the modules in bashly. It
  ranges from documenting function parameters and return codes, to
  the presentation of simple usage examples of the functions.

- meta/: Meta is the place for discussions regarding the development
  of bashly itself, like naming convention, parameter passing
  conventions (and hacks!), and related topics.

- tutorials/: This is a more free form repository of tutorials for
  various parts of bashly, and even an attempt at a bash tutorial
  driven by examples. This directory also contains a more in-depth
  introduction to bashly.


News
----

You can watch the bashly repository for updates on this work.
Currently there's no official new's feed in a more convenient form.


Testing
-------


Some of the modules in bashly are covered by unit tests. The ideal
would be to increase the coverage to 100%, so that every bit of code
inside bashly is tested. It's also important to take into account the
version of bash used to do the tests.


Contributing
------------

Any form of contribution is welcome. Though the following things may
apply:

- For code contributions, expect some discussion, if the code somehow
  does not fit the currently unwritten expectations for code (naming,
  tests, purpose, etc.).

- For bug reports, please provide at least the following information:
  (1) bashly version (the commit SHA-1 is sufficient), (2) a script
  that reproduces the issue, (3) if the scripts requires some input
  file to work, please provide the necessary input for it to work,
  (4) output is also important, and (5) an explanation of how the
  output doesn't match the expected result.

- For feature requests, please provide a justification of the
  feature. For example, it could be interesting to see an
  implementation of bash on top of bash, but that would not be very
  useful for the majority of script writers, will it?
